Experiment: CMake support for iOS (#4709)
mozilla-mobile/mozilla-vpn-client: README.md

xcodebuild build CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY="" CODE_SIGNING_REQUIRED=NO -project "Mozilla VPN.xcodeproj"
```

### How to build from source for iOS with CMake (Experimental)

We also support building from sources for iOS using CMake. This is a work in progress and these
instructions may be subject to change as we figure out what works and what doesn't.

1. On iOS, we compile the app using
[XCode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) version 12 or higher and [Qt](https://www.qt.io/download)
version 6.3.2.

2. We use `qt-cmake` from the Qt installation to configure the XCode project.
```bash

> /Users/example/Qt/6.3.2/ios/bin/qt-cmake . -B build

Author: For the Qt builds I got from the official installer, Xcode was the default generator, but I agree it's better to make this explicit.

xcodebuild build CODE_SIGN_IDENTITY="" CODE_SIGNING_REQUIRED=NO -project "Mozilla VPN.xcodeproj"
```

#### Building with CMake (Experimental)

> We also support building from sources for iOS using CMake. This is a work in progress and these
> instructions may be subject to change as we figure out what works and what doesn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also support building from sources for iOS using CMake.
```

Isn't the WIP and "please update if things change" true of all our documentation?

1. On iOS, we compile the app using

> [XCode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) version 12 or higher and [Qt](https://www.qt.io/download)

Reviewer 2: (drive-by comment). 
```suggestion
[Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) version 12 or higher and [Qt](https://www.qt.io/download)
```

(I am going to die on this hill...)

> 1. On iOS, we compile the app using
> [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) version 12 or higher and [Qt](https://www.qt.io/download)
> version 6.3.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare: Ensure
[Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) version 12 or higher and [Qt](https://www.qt.io/download)
version 6.3.2 are both installed.

Add the rust target for iOS devices:
`rustup target add x86_64-apple-ios && rustup target add aarch64-apple-ios`
```

> 2. We use `qt-cmake` from the Qt installation to configure the Xcode project.
> ```bash
> /Users/example/Qt/6.3.2/ios/bin/qt-cmake . -B build -GXcode
> ```

Reviewer: The GH suggestion syntax conflicts with the readme bash syntax, hence the dashes thrown in here - will need to remove.

```suggestion
2. Use `qt-cmake` (from the Qt installation) to build and configure the Xcode project:
```bash
/Users/example/Qt/6.3.2/ios/bin/qt-cmake . -B build-ios -GXcode
-```

This builds for an iOS device. Due to cmake limitations, we need to include a build variable for building for the simulator. To make it easier to develop, it's recommended to build to a different folder/project for simulator, so that switching between device and simulator testing does not require re-building the project:
```bash
/Users/example/Qt/6.3.2/ios/bin/qt-cmake . -B build-ios-sim -GXcode CMAKE_OSX_SYSROOT="iphonesimulator"
-```
```

Some variables that might be useful when configuring the project:
 - `BUILD_ADJUST_SDK_TOKEN=<SDK Token>`: can be set to enable the use of the Adjust telemetry
   and attribution data collection.
 - `BUILD_IOS_APP_IDENTIFIER=<App Identifier>`: can be set to change the application bundle
   identifier. This defaults to `org.mozilla.ios.FirefoxVPN` if not set.
 - `BUILD_VPN_DEVELOPMENT_TEAM=<Development Team ID>`: can be set to change the development
   team used for Xcode certificates. This defaults to `43AQ936H96` if not set.
 - `CMAKE_OSX_SYSROOT="iphonesimulator"` to build for the iOS simulator.

> 3. Open the generated Xcode project with `open build/Mozilla\ VPN.xcodeproj`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open the generated Xcode project with `open build-ios/Mozilla\ VPN.xcodeproj`. (Or `open build-ios-sim/Mozilla\ VPN.xcodeproj` for the suggested simulator-specific directory.)
```

> 4. Select the `mozillavpn` target and `Any iOS Device (arm64)` as the build configuration.

Reviewer: Do we want to recommend the `Any iOS Device` setting? For building for testing, don't we want the specific device/simulator?

Author: I think the `Any iOS Device` setting is how Xcode tries to build for real devices, and we are trying to make sure that this setting matches what cmake is expecting at configuration time via the `CMAKE_OSX_SYSROOT` option. Unwinding the hardcoded nature of this sysroot setting is going to require some work on supporting multiple-architecture builds.
